mmm oh this way for me hmm you make me
wanna say I do
you think this is gonna take me out
yes isn't it no it's still up it's a
competition
I'll make this is gonna be fun to stink
threesome here investigatively speaking
I don't give me to Auggie I'm sloppy I
mean it yeah
people también habla espanol
there's a reason why captain gates
doesn't understand enough what I just
over the song just because she was
genetically incapable I'll give it to
you straight
I'm just a girl looking for a private
whoo my man parts are just fine thank
you very much please stop saying man
farts oh whoa oh you sure
hey so I figured out it we have to talk
to his name is francis carrera he
oversees the show for the network he's
right over there
Sofia del Cordova collection megastar
well because we're chicken no because I
am abroad en el fuego de la Paz Your
Honor we had Caminos they're more
chiquititas Judy this yes
yeah I'm gonna chicken
Oh
some kind of espionage plot on of hunger
we wrapped in web of intro in like this
you doing it again I'm sorry he said
that he had a wife the wife
I'm not joking if you want me to cut you
loose
and sign papers sign the papers when
we're out of here hey do something it's
kind of tragic really so very tragic
sorry nice now we don't have a routine
come on that thing in the shower that is
delightful
yeah that's not a routine that's two
naked people singing when there's no one
around to see or share it now we have to
win what a shower Jesus all of you makes
me stop leave all right
under my skin I love you just wonderful
thank you